Clock constructor dimensionality. (#2768)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/synchronous.tex

\end{lstlisting}
\end{example}

> None of the operators defined in this chapter vectorize, but some can pass through an array of clocked expressions (but not of clocks).

Reviewer: I'll try to be more constructive by showing what I think was meeting's intention (as formulated by @sjoelund):
```suggestion
None of the operators defined in this chapter vectorize, but some can operate directly on array variables (including clocked array variables, but not clock array variables).
```

> None that the operators defined in this chapter vectorize, but some can pass through an array of clocked expressions (but not of clocks) in a similar way.

Reviewer 2: Should it be "None of the"?

Reviewer: Wasn't @sjoelund's point here that while it's not sufficient to be an array of (clocked) expressions, it may be ok to operate on an (clocked) array variable?

Perhaps just drop _in a similar way_?

Author: Yes.

Author: > Should it be "None of the"?

Yes. Changing.

I was switching between "Note that" and "None of"; and got stuck. Clearly "Note that" was wrong, since this is place where we are stating the restriction.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me. Resolving.

> They are not callable in functions.

Reviewer 2: Can clock or clocked expressions be used in functions in general?

Author: Clocked expressions can be sent to functions, but they behave as normal expressions; so nothing special there.
However, for Clocks it is less clear - and it makes sense to also forbid them in functions as they don't make sense.

Author: But I couldn't figure out a good formulation for that.

Reviewer: I must say that I don't understand the where we fall short by saying that none of the operators are callable in functions.  What am I missing?

Author: I realized that you could write:
```
  function foo
    input Clock c;
....
end foo;
...foo(Clock(2));
```
So you don't have to call these operators in functions to have clocks inside them, and I don't see what Clocks mean inside functions.

However, we didn't forbid it before - so not a blocker.

Reviewer: Oh, but that should be easy enough to address by not allowing `Clock` in function formal parameters, right?

Reviewer 2: Yes, it would make sense to me to include the restriction in 12.2 where function restrictions are specified. I had checked there first before asking my question.

Author: Ok, added.
